SwasthyaSetu — How to run (with real backend)

1) Start the backend (Flask + SQLite):
     cd backend
     pip install -r requirements.txt
     python app.py
   This starts the API on http://127.0.0.1:5000 and creates swasthyasetu.db
   automatically on first run.

2) Open the frontend:
   Double-click START_PROJECT.bat (Windows) or open index.html directly in
   your browser.

3) Login: use LOGIN_DEMO.txt for demo credentials.

Notes:
- The app works fully offline for reading and for writing — any referral,
  record or ASHA task you create while the backend/internet is unreachable
  is saved locally and auto-synced the moment it comes back (look for the
  small "waiting to sync" badge, bottom-left).
- AI Symptom Check calls the backend's /chat endpoint. It uses a built-in
  rule-based severity classifier (English/Hindi/Marathi keywords) by default,
  so it works with zero extra setup. To use a real local model instead, run
  Ollama with a model such as MedGemma and set the OLLAMA_URL environment
  variable before starting app.py (see backend/app.py for details).

OFFLINE MODE (for patients with no internet, e.g. in a village with no
network coverage):
- If the backend/internet is unreachable, AI Symptom Check automatically
  switches to a copy of the SAME keyword classifier running on the device
  itself (no server needed at all) — the patient still gets a severity
  rating and next step.
- A small orange banner appears at the top of every page when the device
  is offline, reassuring the patient that Symptom Check, Token booking,
  Health History, Referrals, ASHA/Doctor/Government/Traffic dashboards
  and Emergency SOS/Ambulance pages all still work.
- "Download as PDF" in My Health History falls back to the browser's own
  Print dialog ("Save as PDF") if the PDF library couldn't load — this
  needs no internet either.
- If this app is hosted on a web server (recommended for real deployment —
  e.g. a PHC's own Wi-Fi, or published online so patients can "Add to Home
  Screen" on their phone), a Service Worker (sw.js) caches every page after
  the first visit, so it opens and works instantly with zero internet from
  then on, just like a native app.
- Two things genuinely need a live internet connection and cannot work
  offline, by nature: Google Maps (live map tiles/directions) and the
  demo QR-code images (both degrade gracefully — the page still works,
  just without the map/QR image).
